# georgehacks2024
This is our project MedScribe, created during GeorgeHacks 2024. We received the Best Overall Hack award. This was the problem we attempted to solve:
Clinical trials that are not representative of patient populations are problematic for public health. Diverse populations need to be recruited and retained in research studies so that the resulting approved treatments are not harmful or less effective to patient populations that vary across demographic categories including ethnicity, sex and age.   The barriers to recruit and retain participants to clinical research trials sometimes includes language barriers. Potential participants that fit the “inclusion criteria” of a study may not speak English or may speak it as a second language. The language that they come across in the recruitment phases of a trial or during the trial, both written and verbal, may be incredibly complicated legalese that requires undue burden for them to understand leading to them leaving the trial early.   Potential research participants want to fully understand the potential risks and benefits of a clinical trial. Potential research participants want to ask questions in a language that is comfortable for them to speak. Potential research participants want to understand the answers to their questions in language that they 

As a result, we developed MedScribe. This app allowed users to upload a consent form and made it so that they could understand all the technical jargon in a language of their choice. Essentially, after uploading the consent form, the text is extracted and converted into a language of their choice using Google Translation APIs. Then, leveraging OpenAI APIs, we were able to summarize the legal jargon of the document into language that a fourth grader could understand. A chatbot was also created that was able to receive questions from the user about the form and answer its question by drawing information from the form, but it just has yet to be integrated. 

For future improvement, we hope to implement an e=signature section: we store the uploaded form in a database so when the user navigates to this section, the form is already uploaded. The user can add an e-signature and drag & drop it anywhere onto the form. Finally, when the user is done signing the form, they can download the signed form as a PDF. We also hope to integrate a User Authentication system as welll. 
